Targets tutorials (#574)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/tutorials/targets.md

    appliesTo: 'reports',
    appliesToType: ['assessment'],
    appliesIf: function (contact, report) {
      return Utils.getField(report, 'group_assessment.cough') === 'yes';
    },
    idType: 'contact',
    date: 'reported'
  }
```

### 4. Define the Cough Percentage Widget
This widget calculates the percentage patients assessed that have been indicated to have a cough this month, regardless of the number of reports submitted for them.
Edit the `targets.js` file and add the target widget as shown below:

```javascript
  {
    id: 'percentage-contacts-with-cough-this-month',
    type: 'percent',
    icon: 'icon-healthcare-assessment',
    goal: -1,
    translation_key: 'targets.assessments.percentage.cough.title',
    percentage_count_translation_key: 'targets.assessments.percentage.with.cough',
    subtitle_translation_key: 'targets.this_month.subtitle',
    appliesTo: 'reports',
    appliesToType: ['assessment'],
    appliesIf: function (contact) {
      return contact.contact && contact.contact.parent && contact.contact.parent.parent && contact.contact.parent.parent.parent;
    },
    passesIf: function(contact, report) {

>       return Utils.getField(report, 'group_assessment.cough') === 'yes';

Reviewer: It would be useful to create a very simple form that shows the structure that would allow for the targets logic to work.

Showing a screenshots of the survey and choices tabs would be more than sufficient

Reviewer 2: This could be referenced from the forms tutorials.

Author: I had referenced them [here as requirements](https://github.com/medic/cht-docs/pull/574/files#diff-bd3524c0eb48b41d008a94d557e540fe339bab6d98c5d85fbf0671b251355231R36).

Edit the `targets.js` file and add the target widget as shown below:

```javascript
 {
    id: 'households-with-assessments-this-month',
    type: 'count',
    icon: 'icon-healthcare-assessment',
    goal: 4,
    translation_key: 'targets.households.with.assessments.title',
    subtitle_translation_key: 'targets.this_month.subtitle',
    appliesTo: 'reports',
    appliesToType: ['assessment'],
    date: 'reported',
    emitCustom: (emit, original, contact) => {
      const householdId = contact.contact && contact.contact.parent._id;
      emit(Object.assign({}, original, {
        _id: householdId,
        pass: true
      }));
    },
    dhis: { //The IDs should correspond to the IDs on DHIS site
      dataSet: 'VMuFODsyWaO',
      dataElement: 'kB0ZBFisE0e'
    }
  },
```

### 6. Define Households with Assessments Widget
This widget calculates the number of households that have two or more patients assessed this month. Use `emitCustom` to emit a custom target instance object. The target instance ID is the household ID.
Edit the `targets.js` file and add the target widget as shown below:

```javascript

//Define a function to get the household ID

> const getHouseholdId = (contact) => contact.contact && contact.contact.type === 'clinic' ? contact.contact._id : contact.contact.parent && contact.contact.parent._id;

Reviewer: You should probably call out that you are using the default contact types and link to the reference page talking about that and hierachies

```javascript
  {
    id: 'assessments-all-time',
    type: 'count',
    icon: 'icon-healthcare-assessment',
    goal: -1,
    translation_key: 'targets.assessments.title',
    subtitle_translation_key: 'targets.all_time.subtitle',
    appliesTo: 'reports',
    appliesToType: ['assessment'],
    date: 'now'
  }
```

### 2. Define the Total Assessments Monthly Target Widget
This widget counts the total number of assessment reports that have been submitted by the user for this month.
Edit the `targets.js` file and add another target widget definition object to define the total assessments monthly widget as shown below:

```javascript
  {
    id: 'assessments-this-month',
    type: 'count',
    icon: 'icon-healthcare-assessment',
    goal: 2,
    translation_key: 'targets.assessments.title',
    subtitle_translation_key: 'targets.this_month.subtitle',
    appliesTo: 'reports',
    appliesToType: ['assessment'],
    date: 'reported'
  }
```

{{% alert title="Note" %}} All-time widgets have the `date` property set to `now` while monthly widgets have the `date` property set to `reported`. {{% /alert %}}

> The images below show the `all-time` and `monthly` target widgets respectively, with the resulting figures varying depending on the number of assessment reports submitted within the respective durations:
> 
> ![All-time assessements](assessments_all_time_no_translation.png) ![Assessments this month](assessments_this_month_no_translation.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< figure src="assessments_all_time_no_translation.png" link="assessments_all_time_no_translation.png" class="right col-6 col-lg-4" >}}
{{< figure src="assessments_this_month_no_translation.png" link="assessments_this_month_no_translation.png" class="right col-6 col-lg-4" >}}

These images show the `all-time` and `monthly` target widgets respectively, with the resulting figures varying depending on the number of assessment reports submitted within the respective durations.
```
Use the 'figure' tag for images. You could also align them to the right as we've been doing based on designer recommendations. Apply the same to the images in the other sections (some are also not showing).
